Within 5 minutes
Let the four families go bankrupt
Hahahahahaha
Ordered
Qinzhou Fangjia will be delivered within 5 minutes
Wang family Liu family
The Li family went bankrupt
Can you hear it clearly hahahaha
The food, clothing, housing and transportation of the common people in Qinzhou
Which one can leave the provisions of our Fang family?
Trying to bankrupt us with a few words of intimidation
It's really whimsical.
My Li family owns hundreds of commercial properties in Qiongzhou
The bank can't move me
You bankrupt me with just one word
wishful thinking
My Wang family controls Dafan's power bridge in Qinzhou
There are at least 50 power plants
Do you think you can bankrupt my Wang family?
Hahahaha
Just a big smile
Exactly.
My Liu family has monopolized the entire medicinal herb market in Qinzhou
Who do you think you are?
Husband is your home court today
Can't you go to the waiter first?
You've broken the sky now
Only I can save you
Don't push your luck.
You'd better think about how to save yourself
All the rights of the family
Money and status are all secretly given by me
Since you betrayed this marriage
It is destined that your sky-breaking wealth is gone
The bankruptcy of the four major families
1 minute left